[MUSIC]
>> Mike: So, what we're gonna do is we're
gonna take some of the hard coded data
that's currently in our templates,
that's currently in our HBS files.
And it's still gonna be hard coded,
but I wanna move it out of
the templates into the routes.
So we're gonna end up using the model
hook and returning something for
it from it, so that we can then make
our template a little bit more generic,
based on whatever the route's returning.
And then an exercise after that will
be no longer hard coding this data,
let's get it from an API.
But that's sort of where we're going.
So this is gonna come in two pieces here.
The first is I have some URLs
that I would like to pass around,
I'm acting as the product owner here.
I have some URLs in this app
that I think are reasonable URLs
to expect people to type in.
But currently, they don't really
work with what we have, right?
So if I just go to org/emberjs,
I wanna redirect to org/emberjs/repos.
So I can distribute this link, and
if at some point in the future,
we want the default page for this org
to be something different, that's fine.
And I wanna do the same thing for
the repo.
By default, if you just go
directly to orgname/reponame,
I wanna end up on the list of issues.
And this will mean that
the URL actually changes,
because we're gonna do a redirect.
The second part of the exercise is taking
this hard coded data out of the templates
and using the model hook instead.
So, here is an example array
if you wanna use this, but
I actually want a return object here,
an array of objects, the ids of which
are gonna be the names of,
these are valid GitHub org names.
And I want us to change our template,
so that instead of explicitly
writing out each lI,
I wanna use this each handlebars
helper that we learned about earlier.
And I will put the slide up, so
that we can refresh our memory
as to what that looks like.
But so we're gonna have an unordered list,
and then inside that,
an each, and
then in the body of the each, an li.
So essentially, we're getting some
more complex control flow here.
We're getting a for loop.
>> Mike: And I also want us to
update our links to use these
new routes that will redirect.
Right, so the list of orgs right now,
as things stand, they will take
me to explicitly the repo list.
So, let me go back to the app here just
to describe what I'm talking about.
>> Mike: So if we look at this list of
orgs, when I'm iterating over the list,
I'm explicitly saying,
take me to the repo list of each org.
I want these URLs to change.
I want it so that when I copy this
link address and paste it up here.
Oops, is my clipboard working?
>> Mike: Something is
strange on the keyboard here.
>> Mike: Well, maybe you guys can,
looks like I have a little
technical difficulty here, but
essentially, I want the list of orgs.
Like here,
this should just take me to org/jQuery.
That should be the URL here.
But when I click it, I wanna actually
go through these redirects that we're
building up in exercise 2a.
>> Mike: So that makes sense to everyone?
I'll sort out whatever is going on
with my keyboard here in a moment.
And then finally, here's a little
refresher on how each works.
You're gonna end up doing
something very similar to this,
except you'll probably be
iterating over content, instead
of myList cuz remember content is whatever
the model hook in the route returns.
Does anyone have any questions about this?
>> Mike: And just a reminder, we're gonna
need to create two brand new routes here,
cuz currently, they don't exist.
The routes I'm asking for
in part a of this exercise,
they're not even in the project yet.
So you'll need to create them first.
And then potentially use the before model
hook to send us off to where we wanna go.
>> Speaker 2: What does the pipe
indicate in the for each?
>> Mike: I'm gonna punt on that,
but treat it as sort of a local
variable that is only
available in your each loop,
representing the object that you're
currently on in the iteration process.
So if you have an array of like a,
b, c, that will be the variable,
that thing in the pipes will be a,
and then the second time around b, and
then the third time around c.
>> Speaker 2: Do we start from
exercise 2 for that branch?
>> Mike: So
exercise 2 contains the solution for this.
So I would start from what you have or
reset hard to exercise 1.
>> Speaker 2: Or should I send
him that new one that you pushed?
>> Mike: Yeah,
you could start from there too,
and then we'll be all on the same page.
>> Speaker 2: I'll paste
that one in there.
>> Speaker 2: And then one more question,
does it make sense to just use setup
controller to set up all your state,
like this .controller.set and
not use the model class?
>> Mike: I mean, you could put something
together that would work, but remember,
set up controller is not promise aware.
And what you're doing there is you're
deviating from the conventions for
no good reason, right?
So the route, the base class
ember.route is already setting
this property content on
the controller for you.
So I don't know exactly why
you would want to do that.
The only case would be potentially,
>> Mike: If
you returned an RSVP hash from model,
and then instead of controller,
you needed to kind of
like move things around.
Say that you were trying
to modify something, and
you didn't wanna change
the templates too much.
You could kind of like rename things and
separate things a little bit.
But remember,
the async work should be done in
an async aware part of
the route lifecycle.